Contact Info:
For booking &/or reservation requests, please email us & provide the number of nights you wish to stay & your check out day & date along with any questions you may have. Phone numbers are requested in case of any email address errors for us to be able to reply promptly to you. 
Address: 804 Mokapu Road • Kailua HI 96734 
Eamil: paradisepalmbnb@gmail.com
Phone: 808-261-1431


Rooms Available:
As you step into our rooms, the first thing you will notice is how fresh, airy and up to date, they are. The beds have crisp white linens that beg you to take a late afternoon nap after spending the day at the beach. The spacious & clean private bathrooms are updated with floor to ceiling travertine, accented with granite countertop & sink. The open walk-in shower has a hand-held shower head as well. The kitchenette has everything you need. From granite countertop, sink, mini-fridge, Keurig coffeemaker, toaster & microwave. Kitchen utensils are provided. A daily self-serve continental breakfast is included. We re-stock it daily for your convenience to be enjoyed at your leisure.
Plumeria Room: Queen bed, private bathroom with shower, WiFi, cable TV, ceiling fan, and sliding door to lanai.
Maile Room: Large room with king bed, small table with desk, WiFi, cable TV, ceiling fan, & sliding door to lanai.
About Us: 
Just a 5-minute walk away to the beach...
Our local beach is pretty quiet with locals going for their daily walk or walking their dogs. 
Turn left and walk past the 2 buildings and the newly opened Nico’s Restaurant, cross the bridge and after the first street on your left,  you will find a narrow pathway that has access to the beach.
Amenities:


Gated Secured Home
Free Onsite Parking
Separate Entrance 
Queen Size Bed
Air-Condition & Ceiling Fan
Free WiFi
Upscale Private Bathroom with Walk-In Shower
Kitchenette with Mini Fridge, Microwave
 Keurig Coffeemaker
Free Continental Breakfast (self-serve)
Private Lanai with Garden View
TV with Basic Cable
Kitchen Utensils (plates, glasses, silverware)
Toaster
Beach Towels
Beach Umbrella
Boogie Boards
Beach Chairs
Hair Dryer
Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash
